翻译光照和基于物理的光照 (#1820)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/concepts/scene/light/pbr-lighting.md

> # Physically Based Lighting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Physically-based Lighting
```

Reviewer: According to Grammerly, this should contain a dash.  Change all instances?

Author: No, in Wiki there's no dash. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Physically_based_rendering

Author: And here: https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/creating-physically-based-materials-unity-2019-3

Reviewer: thank you, I'll report this as incorrect to Grammarly.

The light source parameters are described in Cocos Creator using photometric units. Based on the photometric units, all the relevant parameters of the light source can be translated into real-world physical values. In this way, designers can adjust the light intensity, color, range, and other information based on the industrial parameters of the relevant lights and the actual physical parameters of the real environment to make the overall lighting effect more in line with the real natural environment.

![pbr lighting](pbrlighting/pbr-lighting.jpg)

## Light Sources in the Real World

> The physically based lighting matches the description of light sources in the real world. In real environments, the light products we see have their own industrial parameters, let's look at an IKEA light bulb💡

Reviewer: We can't use trademarks in documents without asking permission from IKEA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The physically-based lighting matches the description of light sources in the real world. In real environments, light products have their own industrial parameters:
```

> The physically based lighting matches the description of light sources in the real world. In real environments, the light products we see have their own industrial parameters, let's look at an IKEA light bulb💡

Author: ```suggestion
The physically based lighting matches the description of light sources in the real world. In real environments, light products have their own industrial parameters:
```

![light bulb size](pbrlighting/light-bulb.jpg)

> From the product packaging, we can learn several important industrial parameters of this bulb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The product packaging states many important industrial parameters of a bulb
```

- **Luminous Flux**
- **Color Temperature**
- **Size**

> These three important parameters affect the performance of light sources in the real world, and we will focus on the physical meaning of these three parameters below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These three important parameters affect the performance of light sources in the real world, and it is important to focus on the physical meaning of these three parameters below.
```

- **Illuminance**

  The unit is **lux or lx**, the amount of luminous flux received per unit area. This value is affected by the distance the light travels, and for the same light source, when the light source is twice as far away, the illuminance is reduced to one-fourth of the original, in an inverse square relationship.

In the real world, because the important physical parameters describing light sources are different, we usually use **Luminous Flux** and **Luminance** to describe common household light sources with illuminated areas, and **Illuminance** to describe sunlight.

![light power](pbrlighting/light-power.jpg)

## Color Temperature

**Color Temperature** is the color of an absolute blackbody after it has been warmed from absolute zero (-273°C).

Color temperature is an important property that affects the color of a light source and is an optional property that also participates in the color component of the light source when color temperature is enabled.

The ambient color temperature also changes dynamically in real-world environments at different times of the day:

![color temp of day](pbrlighting/color-temp-of-day.jpg)

> You can refer to the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the following table:
```
